\section{Privacy} \label{sec:privacy}
There is an inherent privacy problem in the setting due to how CT is designed
and deployed. A browser, like TB, that wishes to validate that SFOs presented to
it are \emph{consistent} and \emph{included} in CT logs must directly or
indirectly interact with CT logs wrt. its observed SFOs. Without protections
like Private Information Retrieval (PIR)~\cite{PIR} (that require server-side
support or introduction of additional parties~\cite{lueks-and-goldberg}),
exposing SFOs to any party risks leaking partial information about the browsing
activities of the user.

Given the constraints of the existing CT ecosystem, CTor is made
privacy-preserving mainly in two ways. First, all communication between TB,
CTRs, CT logs, and auditors are made over full Tor-circuits. This is a
significant privacy-gain, not available, e.g., to browsers like Chrome that in
their communications would reveal their public IPv4-address (among a number of
other potentially identifying metadata). Secondly, the use of CTRs as
intermediaries probabilistically delays the interaction with the CT
logs---making correlating TB user browsing with CT log interaction harder for
attackers---and safely maintain a dynamic cache of the most commonly already
verified SFOs. While regular browsers like Chrome could maintain a cache, TB and
its security and privacy goals (see Section~\ref{sec:background:tor}) prohibit
such shared (persisted) dynamic state.

CTRs are also essential for security in the setting of the auditor extension. A
rational attacker will produce SFOs with SCT timestamps that are too new to have
to be part of CT logs at the time of the attack. TB cannot store SFOs for any
extended period of time (a couple of days, see
Section~\ref{sec:auditor:analysis}) without violating its security and privacy
goals, not to mention that presumably most TB sessions are not maintained for
days but rather minutes~\cite{DBLP:conf/pam/AmannS16}. Further, buffering at TB
is not an option, since an attacker could compromise TB shortly after presenting
the forged SFO.

In gist, the distributed nature of Tor with its anonymity properties and
high-uptime relays that make up the Tor network are essential for
privacy-preserving auditing of the current CT ecosystem. The auditor extension
turns Tor into a system for maintaining a probabilistically-audited
cryptographically-verifiable view of the entire CT log ecosystem available from
Torâ€™s consensus. This system is a consensus mechanism for CT logs that
piggybacks on Tor's own consensus.

The main limitation of CTor in terms of privacy is that CTor continuously leaks
to CT logs, and to auditors in the case of the auditor extension
(Section~\ref{sec:auditor}), a fraction of certificates of websites visited
using TB to the relatively small number of operators of CT logs.  This provides
to a CT log a partial list of websites visited via the Tor network over a period
of a few days, together with some indication of distribution based on the number
of active CTRs. It does not, however, provide even pseudonymously any
information about which sites individual users visit, much less with which
patterns or timing. As such it leaks significantly less information than does
OCSP validation by TB or DNS resolution at exit-relays~\cite{TorDNS}, both of
which indicate visit activity in real time to a comparably small number of
entities.
